on thursday 23 january 19 hours resolved no no no this time if
God willing, I'll be between Angola and Kenya on my way to India.
yesterday together with tarcísio here by my side our minister of
infrastructure will talk a little bit about the toll right or better the concession
the Presidente dutra highway and also on the mercosur plates is a
we don’t have time here, there was time for pounds, I wasn’t going to do the live
of course I could post it flying, but it’s just resolved, I won the vote for
record this quick video to give you a satisfaction what happened
during the week it comes well so since yesterday I had with regina
duarte once again the very friendly meeting very profitable she is
prone is our culture secretary we show her the size
gigantism that is culture appears here is something like that but no she has the
equivalent to 13 subsecretaries below it hundreds of people are now
very willing to spend with willingness and want to collaborate if god wants
everything will be alright go obviously it was not a balanced person lived
responsible she is taking care of the slipper is taking care of what is
happening what is culture to be able to accept at the fair that everything indicates
she accept until she had lunch yesterday with me together with the world at yours
children are pretending to activate this very welcome nobody nobody better
than you to perform this function well, regina duarte supports herself
the leg that I'm going to post there has a girlfriend from Brazil which helps to
fair or capture seal did now guys the quick game here is the press there is the
better the national journalism federation is telling me that the press
it was the violent attacks in the past and 50 and 58 percent of the violent attacks that
that cold me so i'm a few days without talking to the press why not
I want more I can't take it for you look there so I think this is the federation in
selection of withdraw this change your thinking i'm going to talk now now the
passed quickly quickly here last year six first months I
I attended more laugh without journalists more than 100 journalism the first six months of
last year is for a week in this so-called jawbreaker that I
I usually do it at the exit and back here in front of dawn and in a
of the week I in three hours of conversation with the press
now when some journalist over there is abusing it he saw logically gives you the
there is no juice there is no slap or even a bad word until today
people respond also was not a little exalted because we are human beings
the federation doesn’t like it I think I have to be subservient served and the
tenderly polite to him until I'm there okay so no problem there
and this contact with the press is
we recorded yesterday today thursday in a little while i'm using it here in kenya
soon afterwards it is a very important event in india it was already the capital is what
what happens is captured every year is the date of the republic his maximum date, right and the
only invites a boss on saturday come on the captain here this is cause for
pride for the capitals with all of them since you are in the business, right, you mess with
transport or head but you are not from the mines and energy to address for the
Brazil that India increasingly uses ethanol in its fuel
in the insect house there is a portion of porridge in seven percent
animals ethanol this is advantageous for brazil it was taken into account right the origin of
black raw material is not sugar, it's too early for the animals ethanol in store
even produce less and by balancing the price of this one
commodity in the market so there then this brazil to china mix more alcohol
to their fuel because the hood I don't know them that the pollution in the
capital of india is terrible our calling in the voice of a billion and 300
million inhabitants and ethanol is less polluting so everyone comes to the kitchen
india wins brazil everyone comes to know others we will deal with there is the
market is the name that we have ahead of us we’re going to open it’s on tereza avenue
cristina what we have a lot to transport are cowboys she's ok
dealing with this matter if god wants a trip he really took advantage of the ones here
so in a little while they are landing there from India
the capeta capeta let's talk briefly here the about we took this week to
concession of the dutra front it will end next year and you are
working from now on to renew its concession and painted a
news there that on the occasion of the renovation we have one more toll bar
and another toll plaza in the region of guarulhos is not our
position create more toll plaza how are you going to equate
and the bidding for this new conception of the president, we presented the
model for society we are conducting public consultation several manifestations
were made during the public consultation we only allowed ourselves to take several
conclusions we have already taken several matters with you to make decisions
decision sir already decided is also a number of things so the idea that no
there are no tolls, in fact, there was no toll, there was no square
toll in guarulhos it is good to say that we use a free flow system there
myself system that there are some countries in europe where you pay only for
kilometer run where there is the porch there but people also understood that it is a
the other's president ends up being an avenue on the guarulhos são paulo link
so in the fair also that the user pays and this is already being withdrawn the
model is is the adjustments are going to be made to decorate concession what the
sir always determines for us right to favor the user to take the state of
up the user decrease the cost decrease the suffering
a quality public service of 400 km is approximately a little more to
four times around the round it was at the moment 14 toll plazas the
value is humbling R $ 15 is heavy which the problem you make a concession
of this for how many years on average 20 years measures 25 has five days so what
happens it is usually in the contract which every year increases the ipca not always
now I need it, it doesn’t follow the salary I’m on the highways in Brazil
it's absurd ok there is a place where you spend more fuel than with a piece
we will try to fix it there I will try to fix it there so that everything right that
we will have good news that we will notice that the river-san route
Paulo will be cheaper everything will be cheaper and the concessions that
we are doing tend to produce lower values ​​here my dream
here you can put it is for example right every year the store toll has to have the
readjust but if it is not the ipca for her i will kick here ninety percent
special zep ninety percent of special 95% that came out one hundred percent that
I repeat here the salary adjustments do not follow do not have followed and
do it so this is a concern because you get it after 10 15
reaching the age of 20 the toll is on paying saw the company there to charge it ok
screwing about what's going to happen you're a contract thing let's honor those
contracts so this is a concern i want you to take it ok for the couple not
only data how much is more concessions also if possible I know it is difficult for me
I'm talking here at I understand a little bit of math, rest assured
ok it would almost be a price table there it is almost not like this is not this thing
ok but let's take it forward here this thing is ok so you can drop it from 15
years for these four toll plazas sadness president side ok
right I have no toll in guarulhos or bar but no two new ones
the toll then what is being studied right logically that the criticisms
are welcome now the way that some press organs disseminate right
in these hardest hit regions guarulhos barra mansa is that never right ok
I called the mayor of Barra Tame I talked to him I talk a lot
calm obviously nobody wants to pay a toll know that the mayor is
defending your area this community you put a piece there I know well
region you stop this strain was fourth for rezende already went to bar
tame even a round lap with the situation here now girlfriend around
so there is a very big juice to handle the car, right and the guy here who presents
your proposal look i went there in union i know how much i live flow grandma lives if da
window the road is all right so I promise to see the tarcísio here goes
lower this toll and we will see the issue of the annual readjustment so as not to
be hi is because it will be full i think all
world liked model president in the end we will have
we will improve the service level and we will be able to offer
a cheaper rate the result will be very good for everyone and then
some states particularly rio de janeiro need a lot of investments that
will see with these concessions I think we will offer a good product for the
bye society alliance party for brazil we are making the party I don't know
the right is coming 200 thousand signatures already I ask you to collaborate with the face
help form a party the party to call our sit on the alliance website
through brasil.com.br and has all the instruction I looked for you to print your
record and at the notary's office to recognize a firm costs on average five reais and then
send to send to são paulo by putting only the mailbox number no
write alliance for brazil not because something mean along the way when you see that
right not to be nice is our party
and make sure your letter doesn’t reach the end of the line so thank you very much
all those who support it so far if god wants we will quickly complete
then signatures and carry on this and this new party something else since
we have him we have elections so look at this year all municipalities have
everyone else with him not only has thick weeds and a plate
complete here was passed right I don't know if I'm in this fight or not in the fight right
in this competition or not but you have a good candidate over there
part has graduated until we’re going to launch our candidate you don’t have
formed the party can it be informed that a good candidate has appeared
there we go to the door so far it’s not who gets to the front not for
I know that there are about 20 senate candidates already and I kill thick
to party enjoying the match for brazil regina duarte only
for we created yesterday, right, the council of the amazon without any gustta
cost taking advantage of the vice president's office then I the antónio mourão
ok he is going to be our big one is [ __ ] on the side here he is in front of this advice
from the amazon will deal with defense protection and prevention development
logically it will have its participation with respect to the reserves
tarciso indigenous you see mato grosso which state did not have the region
north is liked service according to amazons in the city of manaus but in the other you
knows contact with the Indian, you know, the Indian from the time you
it wasn’t brazil reveal from 2002 2007 2007 it’s just been practically 13 14 years
changed the Indian changed ok and I go more and more one day the human being equal to
ours then and make the Indian every year and get
deliver homesickness really own your indigenous land says that we want
here and the ball there will be cutting it in half understand it will be this one I talked to
Paulo Guedes was also there and giving rice there we will also create a force
national environmental last issue here until your last issue is
the sign of mercosul leon make it clear here look
is the first meeting in brazil together with paraguay
argentina and uruguay four countries was in 2010
and I don't know where this meeting was, I just remembered the mouth of the iguaçu in four countries
nunes who are there decided to create the plate the plate of the mercosur look cristina
kirchner is listening to cristina kirchner and lugo mujica and squid these guys
decided to say that this plate is very good, I don’t know what helps to fight and
this helps to fight car theft course she is as if the guy take
this card out of Brazil will spend next okay it's all right
and then a new resolution of 2014 the government already in the government, right, the meeting
in buenos aires effectively create this plate and it was placed there and execution this
plan here well ours we took over the government here the in January last year
I talked to Tarcísio and it is almost unanimous the scolding against
right, we tried to make her give up but the best thing was
continue with the plate such plate of the mercosur in assis come on early this
mercosur sign ok she would be tormented draw right but it has already changed
a lot because you changed a lot of these the first thing president
the old mercosur knife no longer exists that mercosur plate that was born
back there and 14 she ended up until the cars that are running around are what we
we want is the new mercosur plate and what is the difference the old plate had
a series of elements had a chip had sinusoidal net elements some designs were
a little bit we already have to pay we would have to pay some right
for those who created that drawing then it is very expensive in addition it had a monopoly
the stamper of the guy who is going to manufacture for us we ended it all but
we removed the chip we removed the sinusoidal elements we left a simple plate
and it will have traceability because the whole plate will have a qr code we will have
that brought around you to see this code zinho here we will be able
citizen police authority and will be able to photograph he will have the citizen arrive
here the application put it here it knows it will know where to stay it was
emplacado which is the model owner will have a part of the chassis available
to Brazil if that license plate with that car was stolen also with all
sure it’s in the system it’s going to be in the system it’s the system so we
traceability will be bad but we end the monopoly of
so the thing is on the market is open and this will make the
board is cheap or there will be no cost increase now the most important
and i have my car i will be obliged to vote this sign not who has the car
emplacado will continue with the plate that exists this plate will accompany the car
by the end of the service life the new license plate will come to the new cars who score
buy a new car sign the new car will already receive the new license plate so
this is a student no obligation of the DMV to provide then this
new user will not have to warm his head with this we take the tram walking
and you did the best you could, but there were already 17 states, the result
using it was already my understanding it was not well thought out that in my understanding it was not well
could be just our plate you know it's hardly going to work with
another one for you to do when the second january 2014 was made entered the
venezuela too and now losing it is already out of a park another country
left in the Mercosur, the other may also enter, but it was also made possible
thank you there and the effort in this matter I hope
let the plate work there and the price of this one today is close to the current one
old board is running so it's not ready so how did we get the
graphic element took the curve the drawing took the chip broke the monopoly
of the stampers the new plate will come out at practically the same old price it will
leaving disrespect is made change we will have represented brazil a
billionaire plate trade I remember 10 million 110 million vehicles
two plates right love and the fox vehicle is right and she will never give me I did
you 10 million today i'm going to round up there holding for
down a little 200 million plates sometimes 150 rhaylan more and the
cost more than she had if she hadn’t taken that don’t have squid would be fine
dearest people thank you very much I must be flying you must be flying
at this moment here between hi people here help there dear man angola and
kenya after kenna in both countries is the african forecast here to be received
by the respective heads of state so the is not going to be just a refueling
it will take at least an hour more or make contact with our brothers to
Africa and who knows, maybe we can start the
our countries' business that this is very good for us is good for him too
and I am very honored these two heads of state that in angola are have
request for us to sign the respective boss and at the airport to greet us and
in india we are also I am the guest of honor broad head of state of honor and
for us it is a source of pride and satisfaction it is a sign of more and more in
Brazil is being recognized abroad for its work here the government as a whole
has been doing an exceptional job of tarcísio among other boys I
I want to send it away soon, it will be asphalted as soon as possible.
dawn all over the rocks i don't want missing butts i'll have a grass
it was very beautiful I can't miss it, there are some yolks over there eating
grass now there so you don’t stay long here don’t pay the animal don’t catch
okay and the problem is there is a problem for sure that cases like this we will
and here even wanting to have a fight with you, okay, it's very personal
the reason for the opportunity for your affection and even the truth, right today is
Thursday today ok but it was recorded before coming until next Thursday
live if god wants a hug there